 if it dips below 64kbps
the decoder does not have enough digital information to play the
audio. This is common with other CD based MP3 players as well. To
help prevent this particular symptom we recommend ripping at a
constant rate of 128kbps, with a 44.1khz sampling rate. If you are
unsure on how to make these settings in your recording software,
please check the owners manual for your CD ripping software, or
contact the manufacturer of this software.

NOTE: Current versions of MusicMatch, a CD-ripping software program,
have a feature called Volume-Leveling which can be enabled or
disabled before you rip an audio CD. If this feature is enabled, the
MP3s that are created will have a consistent volume level throughout
all tracks so that the volume should not have to be adjusted up or
down during playback. We have observed that MP3s created with the
Volume-Leveling feature enabled will not be compatible with your
system. Please make sure this feature is disabled when ripping CDs
using MusicMatch.

It is important that the names of your MP3 files do not contain more
than one period (.) within the filename. For example, if you had a
song called "HILL ST. BLUES.MP3", our system would be looking for
the .MP3 extension on the end which identifies this as an MP3 files.
In this case, however, there is an extra period in the filename. As
a result, our system would see this as a ". BL" file which our
system would not be able to interpret. Check the MP3 files which are
not being recognized on our system to make sure they do not contain
extra periods in the filename. If you do find any files that contain
extra periods, it will be necessary to rename the file, using no
more than one period. This way the Bose system will be able to
properly interpret the file as an MP3.

It is also possible that the MP3 file's ID3 tag setting may be
hindering the system's ability to play certain MP3s. If your
recording software allows you to select between using ID3 Version 1
tags or ID3 Version 2 tags, please use Version 1. The use of ID3
Version 2 tags allows you to store more information about the MP3
file than ID3 Version 1 tags, which include, but are not limited to,
graphics and song lyrics. In many cases, however, the use of ID3
Version 2 tags will cause the Bose system not to recognize these
tracks. For this reason, we recommend that your
MP3 files contain only ID3 Version 1 tags. If the MP3 files that are
not being recognized use ID3 Version 2 tags, it will be necessary to
convert these to ID3 Version 1 tags. While it is often not easy to
tell whether an MP3 contains ID3 Version 1 or Version 2 tags, there
are programs available on the Internet which should provide this
information. These same programs or other programs may also allow
you to convert the ID3 Version 2 tags to Version 1. Bose does not
recommend any particular software that will do this, but you could
run a search on the Internet.
Once you are certain that all of the MP3 files you will be burning
to a CD are using ID3 version 1 tags, you can now trying burning
these files to a CD again to try in your Bose system.

Now let's discuss how to burn the MP3 files to a recordable CD.

We do not recommend using software such as Direct CD which requires
you to use Microsoft Windows Explorer to drag and drop files from
your computer's hard drive to the CD. This method of CD burning will
result an incompatible CD for your Bose system. We recommend using a
software program that displays an actual user interface on the
screen and allows you to burn tracks to the CD.

Make sure that when burning to the CD that you finalize the session
so that no additional tracks can be added to the disc. All tracks
must be burned in one session only. If additional tracks are added
after the first session, this can result in an incompatible MP3 CD.
If you are unsure on how to finalize a CD so that it cannot be
written to again, please check the owners manual for your CD burning
software, or contact the manufacturer of this software.

These suggestions should make it possible to create an MP3 CD that
will play on your system. If you have further software questions,
please let us know.


HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Date: Sun, 22 Oct 2006 07:31:14 GMT
Server: Apache/1.3.27 (Unix)
Page-Completion-Status: Normal
content-disposition: filename=BoseMP3.txt
Page-Completion-Status: Normal
Content-length: 5272
Keep-Alive: timeout=15, max=98
Connection: Keep-Alive
Content-Type: text/plain

Please note that the 321 GS Series II can only play the following
formats:

CD, CD-R, CD-RW, MP3s ON CDs, DVD, DVD-R, DVD-RW, DVD+R, DVD+RW, VCD

I assume that you are putting your MP3's on one of the type of discs
above.

There are some strict guidelines that must be followed however for
the 321 GS Series II to be able to play an MP3 file. Please see
below:

If the Bose system is not recognizing some or all of the MP3 files
on the disc, we need to check what might be causing this.

We have identified the following criteria as being important in
creating an MP3 CD that will be compatible with your Bose system.

Our system will not play MP3s that are recorded at a rate lower than
64kbps (kilobytes per second). Check the rate at which the MP3s are
recorded. Verify whether the MP3 was recorded at a fixed or variable
bitrate. If the tracks on the MP3 disc were recorded at a variable
rate then our player may have issues reading that disc because of
that variable rate. The track may play, but if it dips below 64kbps
the decoder does not have enough digital information to play the
audio. This is common with other CD based MP3 players as well. To
help prevent this particular symptom we recommend ripping at a
constant rate of 128kbps, with a 44.1khz sampling rate. If you are
unsure on how to make these settings in your recording software,
please check the owners manual for your CD ripping software, or
contact the manufacturer of this software.

NOTE: Current versions of MusicMatch, a CD-ripping software program,
have a feature called Volume-Leveling which can be enabled or
disabled before you rip an audio CD. If this feature is enabled, the
MP3s that are created will have a consistent volume level throughout
all tracks so that the volume should not have to be adjusted up or
down during playback. We have observed that MP3s created with the
Volume-Leveling feature enabled will not be compatible with your
system. Please make sure this feature is disabled when ripping CDs
using MusicMatch.

It is important that the names of your MP3 files do not contain more
than one period (.) within the filename. For example, if you had a
song called "HILL ST. BLUES.MP3", our system would be looking for
the .MP3 extension on the end which identifies this as an MP3 files.
In this case, however, there is an extra period in the filename. As
a result, our system would see this as a ". BL" file which our
system would not be able to interpret. Check the MP3 files which are
not being recognized on our system to make sure they do not contain
extra periods in the filename. If you do find any files that contain
extra periods, it will be necessary to rename the file, using no
more than one period. This way the Bose system will be able to
properly interpret the file as an MP3.

It is also possible that the MP3 file's ID3 tag setting may be
hindering the system's ability to play certain MP3s. If your
recording software allows you to select between using ID3 Version 1
tags or ID3 Version 2 tags, please use Version 1. The use of ID3
Version 2 tags allows you to store more information about the MP3
file than ID3 Version 1 tags, which include, but are not limited to,
graphics and song lyrics. In many cases, however, the use of ID3
Version 2 tags will cause the Bose system not to recognize these
tracks. For this reason, we recommend that your
MP3 files contain only ID3 Version 1 tags. If the MP3 files that are
not being recognized use ID3 Version 2 tags, it will be necessary to
convert these to ID3 Version 1 tags. While it is often not easy to
tell whether an MP3 contains ID3 Version 1 or Version 2 tags, there
are programs available on the Internet which should provide this
information. These same programs or other programs may also allow
you to convert the ID3 Version 2 tags to Version 1. Bose does not
recommend any particular software that will do this, but you could
run a search on the Internet.
Once you are certain that all of the MP3 files you will be burning
to a CD are using ID3 version 1 tags, you can now trying burning
these files to a CD again to try in your Bose system.

Now let's discuss how to burn the MP3 files to a recordable CD.

We do not recommend using software such as Direct CD which requires
you to use Microsoft Windows Explorer to drag and drop files from
your computer's hard drive to the CD. This method of CD burning will
result an incompatible CD for your Bose system. We recommend using a
software program that displays an actual user interface on the
screen and allows you to burn tracks to the CD.

Make sure that when burning to the CD that you finalize the session
so that no additional tracks can be added to the disc. All tracks
must be burned in one session only. If additional tracks are added
after the first session, this can result in an incompatible MP3 CD.
If you are unsure on how to finalize a CD so that it cannot be
written to again, please check the owners manual for your CD burning
software, or contact the manufacturer of this software.

These suggestions should make it possible to create an MP3 CD that
will play on your system. If you have further software questions,
please let us know.


